----------------------------
--- Five Guess Algorithm ---
----------------------------


Five-Guess algorithm works by having a set S of "Potential" guesses. Initially, and before starting the game, it has all the codes that the game considers valid.
Then, for choosing a guess to play, it must give the one unplayed guess that has the most 'score', which we will define as the minimum number of guesses from S it can 'delete'.
After playing a guess, the algorithm will get a code correction, which will be used to tell which codes from S are no longer 'Potential', that is, they cannot be the secret code.

Entering into our particular version, what it does is:
	1. When created, it generates all the valid codes for the game it receives as a parameter. It stores a copy in each of its two sets: unplayed guesses and S.
	2. When the turn is called for the first time, it receives (null, null) as parameters. Then it plays one guess: 1122 for normal and hard and 1234 for easy.
	3. In any other case, the algorithm receives the information relative to the last turn played. It removes the code from the unused guesses, and then removes all codes from S 
	 	which have been discarded by the last guess and correction (those guesses that, were they the secret code, the correction would have been a different one).
	4. Finally, for selecting a new guess to play, it checks all the unused codes. For each of those, it computes the number of guesses it would NOT remove from S for a certain correction.
		This will be called hitCount. The score of a certain game will be 'number of guesses in S'-'maximum hitcount', that is, the MINIMUM number of guesses it would knock out of S.
	5. We want to MAXIMIZE this number, so as to delete as many codes from S as possible. But also, we would prefer to chose codes from S when possible. Thus, we will pick the
		maximum score, and in case of draw, the maximum score which is in S. If multiple codes in S have that maximum score, then we'll pick the code with the lowest numerical value (ex: we'd pick code 2345 rather than 3456)
	6. By playing this guess, we will MAXIMIZE the MINIMUM number of guesses to be removed from S the next time this function is invoked on step 3. As long as S keeps decrementing
		in size, we will be closer to getting the secret code.
	
The algorithm will win in 5 turns maximum for our normal difficulty.

(choosing the lowest numerical value in step 5 is not a convention as wikipedia says, as if you don't do that there are two codes that take 6 turns to be won)

stats acquired from playing every possible secret code via EmuladorFiveGuessAll:
Played 360.0 EASY games: Won in at most 5.0 turns. Took 4.138888888888889 turns in average to win.
Played 1296.0 NORMAL games: Won in at most 5.0 turns. Took 4.47608024691358 turns in average to win.
Played 2401.0 HARD games: Won in at most 6.0 turns. Took 4.90045814244065 turns in average to win.

----
Guillem and Victor